Wow. Today was tough. My computer only has 64 Kwords of memory, and
the combined length of the lines from the input was about 190k points,
so even with the sparsest of sparse 2d arrays, I just have no way to
represent every point in memory at the same time. This is a big problem.

So my next plan was to iterate over every pair of lines (O(n^2), but what
can you do?) and only plot the intersections in the sparse 2d array in
memory, but that was going to take too many hours to complete.

My friend Ben suggested splitting the input into smaller grids and
processing them individually. This is a great idea.

So I wrote a program to split the input into 3x3 subgrids and then tried
to solve these individually. It still ran out of memory because it's
still too large.

My kernel doesn't give you enough file descriptors to open more than about
10 files at a time, so my solution was to do a first pass that splits the
input into 3x3 subgrids, and then run a 2nd pass over each of the subgrids
splitting them into a further 3x3 subgrids, for 9x9 subgrids overall,
and then run part1 and part2 over each subgrid consecutively. This works
and completes in about 20 minutes total for the entire pipeline, but it
took me at least 6 hours of work.

There's no video today because it was so chaotic and time-consuming.

Interestingly the program to split the input into subgrids was a lot
more complicated to get right than the part1 and part2 programs that
solved the subgrids were!

---

part1-simon.sl is a superior solution written by
https://github.com/Simon816 that doesn't require splitting the input up
into 81 parts! Here's his explanation:

This only applies to part 1 where only horizontal and vertical lines
are considered. Probably not too hard to expand to diagonals too.

* All lines fit within 1000x1000 so we can have a fixed bound to iterate
  over.
* Sort all lines by ascending x1 value in a "line queue".
* Create a 1000 element list to store line "traces" for all possible y
  positions.
* Iterate along the x axis from 0->1000.
* Pop lines off the line queue if their x1 value equals the current x.
* For each y coordinate of the line (from min(y1, y2) to max(y1, y2)),
  push x2 to the traces list for that y coordinate.
* The traces list is essentially a list of end x coordinates of "active"
  lines along the y axis.
* The number of elements in the trace gives the number of intersections
  which we can easily count.
* If any lines end at our current x coordinate, remove from the list.

So essentially we take a 1d slice for every x value and count the number
of intersections in that slice.
